# pandas-challenge
# Introduction
For this homework assignment I choose to work on Option 1: Heroes of Pymoli. In this scenario I had landed a job as the lead analyst for an independent gaming company and had been assinged the task of analyzing the data for their most recent fantasy game Heros of Pymoli. In this report there are data breakdowns showing total number of players, total purchasing analysis, gender demographics, purchasing analysis by gender, age demographics, purchasing analysis by age, and a top spending analysis. There are many insights and conclusions that can be drawn from the analysis, a few of which have been called out in the conclusions section od the README. 
# Conclusions 
The majority of players fall in the age range of 20-24, a group that represents 46.79% of all players. The second and third largest age groups of players are directly above and below the 20-24 age bucket with 17.44% of players landing in the 15-19 range and 12.95% of players in the 25-29 range. All three of those age buckets together represents about 77% of all players. 
83.59% of all players are male however female players have a higher average purchase price by $0.18. Females also had a $0.40 higher average total purchase per person than males. The 1.92% of individuals who catergorized their gender as other or non-disclosed had the highest average purchase price and the highest average total purchase per person of the three gender groupings. 
The age group 35-39 have the highest avergage purchase price at $3.60 while the 25-29 age group has the lowest average purchasing price at $2.90 with "Final Critic" being the most popular item to buy in the game with 13 purchases. 
